[docs] use more descriptive titles for tutorials (#1401)
iasql/iasql-engine: docs/docs/fargate-tutorials/django.md

slug: '/django'
---

> # Deploy AWS ECS Fargate using IaSQL on Django (Python)

Reviewer: what about:
```suggestion
# Deploy a containerized application on AWS Fargate using IaSQL and Django (Python)
```

Author: this title will show in the docs sidebar so that will get hidden, but a compromise is `Deploy container to ECS Fargate using IaSQL on Django (Python)`

Author: better?
